Hey folks, Wes here.
Thank you so much for checking out Beginner JavaScript.
I'm so excited to teach you all of this.
This is all of the stuff I wish I had known
over the last 10 years of me doing JavaScript
so I think I'm gonna do..
It's a big course but I think I'm gonna do a good job
at distilling it down into the things that you need to know
and making it easy and fun for you to know.
So this videos just a couple little housekeeping items
before we actually get into setting anything up
and writing some code.
So first one is is that the starter files for this,
you'd go to beginnerJavaScript.com,
click through to my account.
You're gonna see something like this
and there will be a link to the starter files.
There's also a link to the Slack Channel
where you can jump in that Slack Channel,
get help, maybe join up with a buddy
and do the course together something like that.
That's gonna bring you over to Get Hub
and this has all of the starter files
as well as the solutions for this course.
Make sure you go ahead and hit the star on that repo.
I see some of these repos that have
like a billion stars on them and I think it's because
they shamelessly ask people to do it like I just did.
So real quick, there's kinda three folders in here.
There's a snippets folder that has
some base HTML snippets in there
and I have some instructions on how
to get that into your editor.
We'll talk about the editor in the next video.
There's a playground folder and this folder will just have
some HTML files where when I'm trying to explain a concept,
I'll sorta just play around in that file.
I'll often give you a dash finished file
and that will include what I had written in the video
whereas the file itself, I will either
ask you to create that file yourself
or I'll give you an empty state.
Finally, the exercise folder in here.
This contains all of the proper, full blown exercises
that we are gonna be doing throughout here
and those are what they all have.
Sometimes the numbers are gonna be a little bit
off from what the video number is
so just make sure you line it up
with the name of the video and not the number.
The reason behind that is sometimes I'll scooch a video
in between like maybe we should add a video
on explaining this a little bit better
and I'll scooch that right in and that causes
the numbers to get outta order.
So don't sweat that.
I think you should be able to follow that no problem.
Other thing is like how should you do this course?
Should you watch it, should you code?
Should you watch code while you watch it?
From what I found is about half the people prefer
just to watch it especially the playground ones.
Just watch me, sort of understand what it is that I'm doing
and then do it after and then the other half
prefer to do it at the exact same time.
So try both of them and see what sort of makes sense for you
and you'll sort of fall into what works
and what feels best pretty quickly.
Last thing, grab a buddy if you can.
Jump into the--
I know I said that I'd jump into the Slack room,
see if there's anybody willing to do it with you.
You can team up with somebody in person
so it's always better if you have somebody
who's an accountabilibuddy and I encourage you.
It's a big course, 28 hours long.
That's the last point I have here
is that you can jump around.
So some of you maybe come to me and say like,
Wes, I understand what functions are,
I know what parameters are.
Skip those videos then.
The whole idea behind this is that it's referenceable.
We're not building some huge app
that we do every video we do a little bit.
Every video pretty much stands on its own
and if we reference something from a past video,
I'll tell you, oh yeah we built this in a past video
or hey, we learned about that in the last video.
That's it.
Hopefully you enjoy the course.
See you later.